docs(connector-wechat-native): readme in en-US about android (#1281)
logto-io/logto: packages/connector-wechat-native/README.md

### Platform info

> You can configure one or both of iOS and Android platforms for integrating Logto with WeChat native sign-in.

Author: updated

> #### iOS app (iOS应用)

Author: updated

> 
> WeChat requires Universal Link for native sign-in. If you haven't set up or don't know it, please refer to the [Apple official doc](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/).

#### Android app

Check "Android app" (Android 应用).

![Android app platform](/packages/connector-wechat-native/docs/platform-android-app.png)

Fill out _Application Signing Signature(应用签名）_ and _Application Package Name(应用包名）_.

> **Note**
> 
>You need to sign your app to get a signature before your users can sign in with WeChat. Refer to the [Sign your app](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing) for more information. 

After you finish signing your app, you can execute the `signingReport` task to get the signing signature.

> `./gradlew your-android-project:signingReport`

Author: updated.

WeChat requires Universal Link for native sign-in. If you haven't set up or don't know it, please refer to the [Apple official doc](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/).
:::

#### Android app (Android 应用)

Check "Android app" (Android 应用).

> <img src="./docs/platform-android-app.png" alt="Android app platform" width="200px" />

Reviewer: This screenshot should show more info to help developers locate the check box. With a similar scale as the previous iOS screenshot (in line 52).

Author: updated

Fill out _Application Signing Signature(应用签名）_ and _Application Package Name(应用包名）_.

:::note

> You need to sign your app before you can sign in with WeChat natively.

Reviewer 2: this can be more clear
```suggestion
You need to sign your app to get a signature before your users can sign in with WeChat.
```

Author: updated

Refer to the [Sign your app](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing) for more information.
:::

After you finish signing your app, you can execute the `signingReport` task to get the signing signature.

`./gradlew your-android-project:signingReport`

> <img src="./docs/android-signing-report.png" alt="Android app platform" width="1000px" />

Author: updated

}
```

> ## Set up WeChat native sign in with your app

Reviewer 2: I think we can just keep the original title since the whole article is talking about "Set up WeChat native sign in with your app", right?

Author: But this section contains iOS and Android, in Android, we don't use the `plugin`.
Change the title to `Add the Logto social support to your app`

}
```

### Android

We assume you have integrated [Logto Android SDK](https://docs.logto.io/docs/recipes/integrate-logto/android) in your app. In this case, things are pretty simple, and you don't even need to read the WeChat SDK doc:

**1. Add `Wechat Open SDK` to your project**

Add the `mavenCentral()` repository to your Gradle project repositories:

```kotlin
repositories {
  // ...
  mavenCentral()
}

> ```

Author: Special case, E.g., some libs of Google will be under the `google()` repository.
Change 
> Add the `mavenCentral()` repository to your Gradle project repositories

to 

> 'Ensure the `mavenCentral()` repository is in your Gradle project repositories

for the user should have added it when adding Logto Android SDK.

Add the Wechat Open SDK to your dependencies:

```kotlin
// kotlin-script
dependencies {
  // ...
  api("com.tencent.mm.opensdk:wechat-sdk-android:6.8.0")
}
```

```groovy
// groovy-script
dependencies {
  // ...
  api 'com.tencent.mm.opensdk:wechat-sdk-android:6.8.0'
}
```

**2. Introduce `WXEntryActivity` to your project**

Create a `wxapi` package under your package root and add the `WXEntryActivity` in the `wxapi` package (Take `com.sample.app` as an example):

```kotlin
// WXEntryActivity.kt
package com.sample.app.wxapi

import io.logto.sdk.android.auth.social.wechat.WechatSocialResultActivity

class WXEntryActivity: WechatSocialResultActivity()
```

```java
// WXEntryActivity.java
package com.sample.app.wxapi

import io.logto.sdk.android.auth.social.wechat.WechatSocialResultActivity

public class WXEntryActivity extends WechatSocialResultActivity {}
```

> The final position of the `WXEntryActivity` under the project should look like this (Take kotlin file as an example):

Author: updated.
